This dataset is split into 3 tabs:

1. SiteInformation
- this sheet describes the site as sugested by the Firefly Atlas and as recorded in the field. A "site" is considered a pair of ruelle + adjacent street segment
- column names:
	RuelleID: the unique key assigned to each ruelle. RV = ruelle verte, CON = control ruelle (not officialy a Ruelle Verte). VSMPE = Villeray-Saint Michel-Parc Extension, TR = Trois-Rivieres.
	StreetID: the unique key assigned to each street segment. SS = street segment, CON-SS = control street segment (adjacent to a control ruelle). VSMPE = Villeray-Saint Michel-Parc Extension, TR = Trois-Rivieres.
	Date: date the fieldwork was conducted
	Observers: AZ = Antonia Zanella, LB = Lauren Bianco, ND = Niraj Dayanandan
	Neighbourhood: neighbourhood in which the site is located
	Temperature: temperature recorded at the start of the survey, in Celsius (as seen on Windy app)
	Humidity: humidity level recorded at the start of the survey, in % (as seen on Windy app)
	CloudCover: cloud cover observed at the start of the survey
	WindSpeed: wind speed recorded at the start of the survey, in km/h (as seen on Windy app)
	Precipitation: precipitation perception observed at the start of the survey
	Notes: any extra notes based on the field visit

2. Surveys
- this sheet describes survey data and characteristics of the sites for each chunk of each infrastructure
- column names:
	InfrastructureID: the unique key assigned to each infrastructure. RV = ruelle verte, CON = control ruelle, SS = street segment, CON-SS = control street segment. VSMPE = Villeray-Saint Michel-Parc Extension, TR = Trois-Rivieres.
	Chunk: Each infrastructure is split equally into three chunks, based on the survey methodology. Chunks are defined pre-fieldwork and labeled in the field.
	Start Time: time the survey started in that chunk
	End Time: time the survey ended in that chunk
	Start Street Reference: name of the street that is closer to chunk #1 of the infrastructure. For the street segments it will be the street that corners it. For the ruelles it can be a parallel or perpendicular street
	Artificial Light: type of artificial light observed in the field visit, according to catagories suggested in the Firefly Atlas
	Artificial Light Source: source of the artificial light observed in the field visit
	Presence/Absence: whether there was presence or absence of fireflies
	Fireflies Observed: number of fireflies observed
	Notes: any extra notes based on the field visit

3. Fireflies
- this sheet describes specific observations about each firefly that can lead to species identification
- column names:
	InfrastructureID: the unique key assigned to each infrastructure. RV = ruelle verte, CON = control ruelle, SS = street segment, CON-SS = control street segment. VSMPE = Villeray-Saint Michel-Parc Extension, TR = Trois-Rivieres.
	FireflyID = unique numerical ID assigned to each firefly observed in fieldwork
	Number Of Flashes: number of flashes observed within a pattern
	Time Between Flashes: time between flashes observed within a pattern
	Notes: any extra notes based on the field visit